Android app build versioning (#777)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/configuration/build-versioning.md

```

{{<notebox>}}

> Alternatively, credentials can be specified as a command argument with the dedicated flag, see the details [here](https://github.com/codemagic-ci-cd/cli-tools/blob/master/docs/google-play/get-latest-build-number.md#--credentialsgcloud_service_account_credentials). But anyway you should have them in environment variables so that they can be accessed during a build and that they are not stored under version control. In that case, the environment variable will be a fallback for the missing value in the script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, credentials can be specified as a command argument with the dedicated flag, see the details [here](https://github.com/codemagic-ci-cd/cli-tools/blob/master/docs/google-play/get-latest-build-number.md#--credentialsgcloud_service_account_credentials). In any case, it is advisable to save the service account credentials file to an environment variable so that it can be accessed during a build without committing it to version control. The environment variable will be a fallback for the missing value in the script.
```
